---
layout: post
title: Web3 investment and Cryptopunks, NFTs - C^2 Ventures - Ciara Sun, ex Huobi Global, interview
categories: [podcasts]
cover: /assets/cover/hq720.jpg
video: true
author: White Crypto
---

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jpC4q0Pv0oA?si=0_Cpyh0Cm5QwizJl" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Huobi is a Chinese web-platform for cryptocurrency exchange and the second largest in the country. It was founded by Leon Li in 2013. Huobi has gained popularity following the closure of BTCC. All popular fiat and cryptocurrencies are available, but the main pair here is BTC/CNY. The official website has 10 languages. The average amount of trading per day reaches 127,000 BTC, which makes the Huobi exchange the third largest in the crypto industry. Recently, it was announced that Huobi will be issuing their own token developed by the company’s programmers as an extra tool for paying Huobi fees and to make transactions easier, faster and more convenient. The Huobi coin can be bought only on the platform for BTC, BTH, ETH, ETC, LTC and USDT.

Huobi Token (HT) is the native token of the cryptocurrency exchange Huobi Global. It is a decentralized digital asset based on the Ethereum blockchain and is ERC-20 compliant. HT’s value is in part reliant upon the reputation of the Huobi crypto exchange, yet other factors also have an impact.

Huobi Token is a relatively young project. It first launched in January 2018, hot on the heels of the release of a native token on rival crypto exchange Binance. Having its own token allows Huobi to build a flexible marketing strategy in order to attract new users and further grow its platform.

C² Ventures is an investment firm that builds and invests in #Web3 companies. We believe the future is multi-chain and take a chain agnostic investing approach.

Ciara’s twitter:  @crypto_ciara   
Twitter:  @csquaredvc  



Anna's insta:  @an_t73  
Anna's twitter:  @anna_tutova  
